calc: set help example as lastest example (#8149)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/calc.md

# calc

> An interactive arbitrary-precision calculator in the terminal.
> More information: <https://github.com/lcn2/calc>.

- Start `calc` in interactive mode:

`calc`

> - Perform a calculation in non-interactive mode and exit:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Perform a calculation in non-interactive mode:
```

If we assume that smth in non-interactive mode is exited by default then `and exit` is not necessary.

`calc '{{85 * (36 / 4)}}'`

- Perform a calculation without any output formatting (for use with pipes):

`calc -p '{{4/3 * pi() * 5^3}}'`

> - Perform a calculation and then switch to interactive mode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Perform a calculation and then switch to [i]nteractive mode:
```

`calc -i '{{sqrt(2)}}'`

- Start `calc` in a specific permission mode (0 to 7, defaults to 7):

`calc -m {{mode}}`

- Open the `calc` manual:

> `calc help`

Reviewer: It's better to put this example to the bottom.
